hello it's me simon mayr has to do
I thought that I would like you
today a little bit
Fitness studio customer give just what the
there are barbell yes
different variants different
variations
many do not even know why they are there
think that has something to do with that
it looks very nice many
Coaches do not really know either
what you should do with the country
or with the different ones
variants and there are of course each
a lot of choices and I think
everyone just so a little bit
look where are his goals where do you want
way and what do you want to train and
for that then the right varnish coat
So we see the jobs
different variations on the one hand these
very classic just long trade that
This is certainly in everyone
gym gives with the power one to
example squats
you do the bench press or something like that
I just said things like spots
military press continues to be used for this
primarily the straight barbell then
is there anything here should anyone
be that is the sz rod of
The shape says my rod is there
various bold swimmer
different vibrations if you like that
want
once held this somewhat hackneyed
However, then this variant something
more modern but of course you have to say
here is this marked area even
not necessarily the ideal area
I only recommend to everyone oriented
not always at this mark because
you should see for example already if
it is about the mark and intervene
Now start making biceps cologne
then I have relatively strong outward
Tended to leaned while I did
the whole thing with the tight grip
can do and then have for example
an inwardly concentrated handle where
I personally much better
can hold body tension
this is precisely the advantage just yet
at the pyramid training with the channel
For example, partners here have the
possibility that the one in the
marked area intervenes and the
others the inner surface can be seen
wonderful turns one is
huge advantage
Overall, I can use these external ones
Dealers lack the triceps
want to train for example with the
french press so this breaker
Variations wonderfully suited for it
you also very nice the triceps and
Exercise the biceps
so now I'll show you something completely
But something has come out of fashion
actually a great thing that is
because there is something on the floor
oscillation of the sz rod this
rather unpopular can be different
Variation makes you make one
you can feel this vibration in here
lie around the neck area and can with it
just for example very special
to get away for quads
I want you now, though
Do not show because I would be mine now
probably hurt without
training partner me that way
to put it in the neck what you but
can also make wonderful are the
biceps curls shows you that at the
biceps curls you have the possibility
simply intuitive in the handle
go in
so not at all quasi grip or b too
take but that you just look
how does this feel good and me
go for example and have the
possibility enormously this variant the
biceps curls had to do exactly there
me too the advantage so just for
beatles are great but for example
also upright row with two
Fingers enter into this vibration
you have also the possibility wonderful
concentrated to exercise and all the way
unlike a barbell without it
So vibrations would be possible in total
always try to practice
and then we orient the right one
Randel from the right barbell too
selection that is ultimately to the
Wrists a very important thing and
Of course you should not forget either
that the forearm musculature and the
brachial with bars on another
way
mostly in a more intensive way and
depending on the exercise is claimed
all right, a bit of fitness
studio can do what the long the
See you in the next video many
greetings